So let's create our first Jenkins job.
So I'm going to go back to the dashboard.
And I'm going to select a new item.
So I need to provide an item name and I'm going to simply call this job one.
I'm then going to select Free Style Project and then click okay.
This will then take you to the following page.
And here we have a number of settings that we can use.
So I'm going to select the advanced tab and if I scroll down, you'll see an option for use custom workspace.
If I take that, it's going to ask me for a directory.
So this directory is going to be looking for the location of my framework.
So I need to place my framework code in a particular directory that Jenkins can see.
So if I go to Eclipse.
And if I right click on my project.
So we're going to be using my project one.
And go to properties.
You'll see the location of where that code exists.
So it's on my desktop.
Resources workspace like Project one.
So if I go to that location.
Resources Workspace Live Project one.
These are the files that are contained within my framework.
So I am going to copy live Project one using Control C on my keyboard and I'm going to place that into
a location that Jenkins is observing.
So that location usually is on the C drive and the users.
So this is my username.
And you should see a Dot Jenkins folder here.
If I double click that, you'll see that there is a number of folders and files.
So I am simply going to right click and paste that framework code or that folder into this Dot Jenkins
folder.
Once I've done that, I can close this.
And if I go back to Jenkins, I'm then going to provide that directory location.
But there is a come on that we can use for Jenkins to know to go to that Dot Jenkins folder.
And that command is dollar.
A brace or open embrace.
Jenkins underscore home.
A close embrace.
And then we need to provide a forward slash.
And the name of my project, which was Live Project one.
So all this is doing is is going to the Jenkins folder.
So that Jenkins underscore Home Command is looking at this Jenkins folder as a starting point.
The forward slash.
Then says to look inside that folder and look for a folder called Life Project One, which is here.
So once I've set that, I'm going to click save actually say a player and that will say that set in.
Then if I scroll down further.
You'll see that we have an option for build.
So far, select build, you'll be given a number of options and I'm going to be using invoke top level
MAVEN targets.
So what this means is that it's going to be looking for my profile.
So if I select this, you'll see I'm given an option to set a may even version.
So if I select that, you'll see that my Apache maven 3.8.1 is a value I can select.
I'm going to write that and then I need some of my goals.
So these are Maven commands.
So the first command is going to be compile.
So this means to compile my source code.
And then we've a space.
The next command is test.
So this tells me even to run my tests or to execute my framework.
So once those are set, I'm going to select Save.
And that would then take me to the project job one instance and we have a number of options here that
we can use.
So that is the job configuration created in the next lecture will try run in our first job.